src/introduction.md, before:

<img src="./swing-extras-logo.jpg" alt="swing-extras">

# What is this?

`swing-extras` is a collection of custom components and utilities for Java Swing applications.
This collection has been under development since 2012 or so.
This documentation guide covers the possibilities that `swing-extras` offers that allow you to 
quickly and easily add useful functionality to your Java Swing applications.

**This guide covers version 2.5.0 of swing-extras from 2025-12-01** 

The library jar includes a built-in demo application that offers a brief preview of some of the features and
components of `swing-extras`:

![Built-in demo app](./demo-app.png "Overview")

## How do I get it?

`swing-extras` is in the Maven central repository. So, you can simply list it as a dependency:

```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>ca.corbett</groupId>
    <artifactId>swing-extras</artifactId>
    <version>2.5.0</version>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

At the time of this writing, `2.5.0` is the latest version. You can verify the latest available
version on the GitHub project page:
- <https://github.com/scorbo2/swing-extras>
- [Browse the javadocs online](http://www.corbett.ca/swing-extras-javadocs/)
- [Version history and release notes](https://github.com/scorbo2/swing-extras/blob/master/src/main/resources/swing-extras/releaseNotes.txt)


## License

swing-extras is made available under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/license/mit). This means that
you can do as you wish with the source code, provided the copyright notices remain intact. Have fun!

## Suggestions and bug reports

Bug reports and feature requests are submitted via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/scorbo2/swing-extras/issues).
Feel free to create a ticket there!

Commit message:

Minor change to intro page

src/introduction.md, after:

<img src="./swing-extras-logo.jpg" alt="swing-extras">

# What is this?

`swing-extras` is a collection of custom components and utilities for Java Swing applications,
to allow developers to very quickly and easily stand up powerful applications with rich UI features.
This documentation guide covers the possibilities that `swing-extras` offers that allow you to 
quickly and easily add useful functionality to your Java Swing applications.

**This guide covers version 2.5.0 of swing-extras from 2025-12-01** 

The library jar includes a built-in demo application that offers a brief preview of some of the features and
components of `swing-extras`:

![Built-in demo app](./demo-app.png "Overview")

## How do I get it?

`swing-extras` is in the Maven central repository. So, you can simply list it as a dependency:

```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>ca.corbett</groupId>
    <artifactId>swing-extras</artifactId>
    <version>2.5.0</version>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

Alternatively, you can clone the library from its [GitHub project page](https://github.com/scorbo2/swing-extras),
build it on your own machine, run the demo app, generate the javadocs, and examine the source code. Contributions
are welcome!

At the time of this writing, `2.5.0` is the latest version. You can verify the latest available
version on the GitHub project page:
- <https://github.com/scorbo2/swing-extras>
- [Browse the javadocs online](http://www.corbett.ca/swing-extras-javadocs/)
- [Version history and release notes](https://github.com/scorbo2/swing-extras/blob/master/src/main/resources/swing-extras/releaseNotes.txt)


## License

swing-extras is made available under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/license/mit). This means that
you can do as you wish with the source code, provided the copyright notices remain intact. Have fun!

## Suggestions and bug reports

Bug reports and feature requests are submitted via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/scorbo2/swing-extras/issues).
Feel free to create a ticket there!
